We are adding a new pool type called NFL Confidence Picks to the Survivor Sharks platform. Use the existing MLB Crazy 8's implementation as the template — same engine, same UI patterns, tuned for NFL weekly play. Follow these exact specifications:

1. DATABASE — Add pool type to enum
In lib/db/src/schema/, add nfl_confidence_picks to the pool type enum alongside the existing values. After the schema change, run in Railway Console:
pnpm --filter @workspace/db run push-force

2. POOL CREATION FLOW
In the Create Pool flow, when a user selects NFL as the sport, add NFL Confidence Picks as a selectable pool type card alongside the existing NFL options (Classic Survivor, Double Elimination, Pick-Ems Season, Division Predictor).

Label: NFL Confidence Picks
Description on card: Pick every game on the weekly slate. Assign unique confidence points 1 through N. Most points at week's end wins.
Use the same purple accent styling used for Crazy 8's


3. PICKS UI — NflConfidencePicks.tsx
Create artifacts/survivor-sharks/src/components/NflConfidencePicks.tsx modelled on the Crazy 8's picks component with these differences:

All games on the slate are shown — not a subset. The player must pick every game. The confidence range is 1 through N where N = total games that week (dynamic — could be 12, 14, 16, etc. depending on bye weeks).
Weekly cadence — picks lock at kickoff of the first game of the week (Thursday night if there is one, otherwise Sunday 1 PM ET). Each game locks individually at its own kickoff time.
Tiebreaker — the last game on the weekly slate (loosely Monday Night Football) is always the tiebreaker game. It is not chosen by the commissioner — it is always automatically the final scheduled game of that week.
Show the tiebreaker game with a distinct badge (e.g. gold "TIEBREAKER" label) so players know.
Tiebreaker inputs (shown below the game slate, only visible once the user has made all their picks):

TB1: Total passing yards by both QBs combined in the tiebreaker game
TB2: Total rushing yards by both teams combined in the tiebreaker game


Use the same one-click team selection → confidence point assignment UX as Crazy 8's.
Use NFL team colors and ESPN CDN logos (same pattern as NFL Division Predictor).


4. SCORING & AUTO-GRADER
In artifacts/api-server/src/lib/auto-eliminator.ts, add a grading branch for nfl_confidence_picks:

Correct pick = confidence points assigned to that game earned
Wrong pick = 0 points for that game
Grading triggers weekly after all games on the slate are final
Tiebreaker resolution order if players are tied at week's end:

Closest guess to actual combined passing yards (TB1) — no over/under, pure closest wins
If still tied: closest guess to actual combined rushing yards (TB2)
If still tied: split pot




5. LEADERBOARD & TABS
Reuse the Crazy 8's tab structure — Today's Picks → This Week's Picks, Leaderboard, Weekly Grid, Stats, Commissioner. Rename "Daily" references to "Weekly" throughout this component only.

6. COMMISSIONER PANEL
Create a dedicated Commissioner panel for NFL Confidence Picks (do not reuse the survivor-style panel). Include:

Invite code display
Pool settings summary
Current week number and game count
Note showing which game is the automatic tiebreaker (last game of week)
Manual week advance button (for sandbox/testing — grayed out with a "Live mode" label in production, but functional)


7. ESPN API
Use the existing ESPN API utility at artifacts/api-server/src/lib/espn.ts to fetch the NFL weekly schedule. Games are identified by week number and season year. Fetch all games for the current NFL week — the count is whatever ESPN returns (do not hardcode 16).

8. ROUTING
Add the route for NFL Confidence Picks pools in the backend and frontend router, following the same pattern used for Crazy 8's pool routing.

Push to GitHub when done.